Moved and revised expressions reference (#19744)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/lambda-operator.md

member => expression;
```

> where `expression` is a valid expression. The return type of `expression` must be implicitly convertible to the member's return type. If the member's return type is `void` or if the member is a constructor, a finalizer, or a property or indexer `set` accessor, `expression` must be a [*statement expression*](~/_csharplang/spec/statements.md#expression-statements), which can be of any type.

Reviewer: I would change the last clause to make it clear what "which" refers to:

```suggestion
where `expression` is a valid expression. The return type of `expression` must be implicitly convertible to the member's return type. If the member's return type is `void` or if the member is a constructor, a finalizer, or a property or indexer `set` accessor, `expression` must be a [*statement expression*](~/_csharplang/spec/statements.md#expression-statements). The statement expression can return any type, because it will be discarded.
```
